https://youtu.be/19y0LDs6pRk
problem, I should have had no errors and no warnings underneath my code for the design. I didn't move out the activity main to the main activity whereby I start by declaring the variables for my search button, text view, edit text and my clear button. I didn't proceeded to initialize. By initializing is where is the process where you have to find view by it so that all your. Buttons and all your search. And says views, they can all be able to function and work within the app. I then proceed to create a variable to get the age from the user. I then proceeded to. Start implementing error handling. Error handling would ensure that all errors and all invalid. Numbers put inside or outside the range It will show a message Telling the user that What they have entered is invalid, hence why they need to enter something that is valid. Once done with error handling adding implement a range between 10 and 100. For example If the user was to pick the number 95, it will show a message saying that they. Have chosen Nelson Mandela. Who was 95 years old when passed away. But if the user was to put a number like 0, it will show a message The following report is a documentation on how the History app was built and how we can use it to depict and see information on People who are considered. Famous and. Historical figures. The report would also further highlight how the design and the utilization of GitHub and GitHub Actions was implemented in the process of building such a project and show the process of the design of the app and the design of the code. 

Before building a code And design. We first had to gather information on the types of people we're going to be using or gathering information about. I first chose a theme to follow, which was historical figures who have either changed or impacted the world either in a bad or good or in negative or positive. In doing so, I eliminate all the possibilities of possibly having one or two many people under the same categories. Once I've decided my 10 candidates to pick from, I went and researched the types of all the most famous things they were possibly known for. For example. Nelson Mandela Who was mainly known for being the first black president  Of South Africa. Once I've gathered the information then I could start the design process whereby I go to Canva and I pick out the templates so I could save my background. Once I've picked the background, I installed anything my own pictures, my own images and my own dropouts in order to have more originality in my own design and have all full complete control of the type of content Put in the design. Once I've made the background, I then go into Android Studio and I import it From the start the whole process of designing The layouts of the buttons, the text view and edit text. the layouts of the patterns the text view and edit.  

Once I've laid everything out and added the constraints, I didn't go over and edit the The coding for the text view edit takes enter button. I change the IDs To my own personal ones. Change the edit text ID into ageInput Followed by me removing the Android text and adding an Android hint whereby I type in ENTER AGE to hint that the user must now enter the age at that point. The text views idea I change into results view. So that I could view whatever results I have underneath them. For the first button, I change the ID into a search button so that I can always initialize it I change the Android text view and type and write and such. So that the user can see that this is where you press through search for whatever outcome or income they want to find. For the second patient I changed the ID to clear pattern so that. I can always initialize it that this is the clear button and should only be used to erase something. I changed the Android text to clear so that the user can know that this is the button you can press to clear or erase whatever you want to erase. Once everything was done for my code and design, I ran into a problem for the text size of my edit text was too small Have to take size is small. It can't happen that the user cannot press or interact with whatever function you put underneath there Once I've fixed the text size telling them that the number they have entered is invalid as they as is outside the range implemented by myself using instructions of the code. Once I've listed the candidates name. I proceed to check it to see if I have no errors. And if there are no errors. I press file Then press Project structure Then proceed through modules. And default config. I changed the target SDK version to 28 as well as the min SDK version to 28 This will ensure that my apps actually run. 

When I open BlueStacks and check that The app runs. I can now commit and push to github. 

 

 
